1. What is the DOM? What is meant by the DOM tree?
DOM satnds for document object model and it is an API. It is used to specify how a HTML page is modeled in browsers and how JavaScript can access and update the contents of 
a web page while it is in the browser window. A DOM tree is the model of the page your browser creates when it loads a webpage. It is stored in the browser's memory and consists
of four type of nodes, document, element, attribute, and text. We use these nodes to locate where we want to work and ascess its contents

2. What is an XSS attack? How do they work? How can you guard against them?
An XSS attack is when a malicious user adds code to input that is taken as html which can run for different users and allow the attacker to gain access to other
user's acounts. To guard against these attacks it is important to validate the input and strip it of potential malicious intnet by removing tags,esacping charcters,
and more. 

3. What is an event in JavaScript?
An event in JavaScript triggers code as a response to these events which consists of actions from or relating to UI, keyboard, 
Mouse, focus, form, and mutation. 

4. How does a DOM eventListener work? What are the parameters it is expecting?
A DOM eventListener deal with more than one function at a time and is used to handle events. It works by setting up a function 
that will be called when a specific event is delivered to the target. The parameters it is expecting is the event it is listening for and the
function it callls when that event occurs

5. What is jQuery? Why use it? How do we load jQuery onto a page?
It is a lightweight javascript library that allows you to writeless and do more. Its purpose is to make it easier 
to use javascript on websites. It works by taking a lot of common tasks that takes a lot of lines of javascript to 
accomplish and wrapping them into methods that an be called with a single line of code. This saves time for developers
as well as make code more clean and easy to understand by simplifying it. To load JQuery on a page is by plugging a
particular Javascript library code into the rest of your project code on a as needed-bases.
