    1. Is javascript? How does an interpreted programming language differ from a
    compiled language?
    
    Javascript is a programming language that is lightweight and is commonly used for
    adding dynamic interactions to webpages, applications, servers and as well as games.
    
    2. Contrast dynamically typed programming languages with statically typed ones. And
    contrast strongly typed programming languages with weakly typed ones. (google these)
    
    Dynamically typed programming languges check a variable's type during run-time rather then compile time 
    while statically typed ones does the opposite, as in the programming language will determine a variable's
    type during compilation instead of run-time. So Dynamically typed language is able to have more flexible and expressive code unlike
    statically typed ones. Trying to assign a different type to a variable in statically typed programming languages will result in a 
    compile-time error, and in dynamically typed programming languages it can be more difficult to locate type errors.
    
    While strongly typed programming languages are strict with data type rules and ensuring that each variable is explicitly declared with a specific 
    type and is not used in a way that contradicts that type, weakly typed ones are flexible in how they handle data types such that variables are able
    to be assigned many data types. Strongly typed programming languages check for type mismatches to prevent potential errors and weakly typed ones 
    handle ype conversions dynamically. 
    
    3. What is the difference between var, let, and const when declaring variables in JS?
    
    var is global and function scoped and let and const is block scoped. Both Var and Let are redeclarable but const is not.
    
    4. What are anonymous functions? Higher order functions? Callback functions? First class
    functions?
    
    Anonymous functions are functions with no name. Higher order functions are functions that return a function or take 
    other functions as arguments. Callback functions are passed as an argument to another function to be called later. 
    And lastly a first class function is when functions in that language are treated like any other variables.
    
    
    5. Define objects in JavaScript.
    
    Objects in JavaScript are non-primitive data types and are a collection of properties being that a property is an association 
    between a name and a value. That value can be a function, in such cases that property will then be known as a method.
    
