
Homework 5:

1. What is HTTP? What are the different HTTP request methods and how do they differ?

HTTP stands for hyper text transfer protocol and it is how the internet deals with 
communication between clients and servers which is done by requests and responses. Or in otherwords it 
is the foundation of any data exchange on the Web and it is a client-server protocol. The different 
HTTP request methods are Get, Post, Put, Patch, and Delete. They each have serve a different function. Get requests can include information 
to the server in the form of Query strings which gets sent in the URL of the Get requests and the rest of the mentioned requests stores
the data in the request body of the HTTP request. Get only retrieves data, Post creates a new resource, Put updates everything for a resource, 
Patch artially modifies a resource, and Delete deletes a resource. 


2. What is an API? What is JSON?

API stands for Application Program interface and it is a method for two or more computer
programs or components to communicate with each other. JSON is what the entire internet runs on. It is an open andard file format and data 
interchange format that store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and arrays or other serializable values 
using human-readable text.

3. What is AJAX? What is meant by asynchronous code?

AJAX exchanges datawith a webserver behind the scenes to be update webpages asychronously, allowing us to update parts of a webpage without 
having to reload the whole page.

4. What is REST and what are resources? If my application had a concept called posts and
was designed in a RESTful way, what would the URI and HTTP request method be to:
	a. retrieve multiple posts, HTTP GET/posts
	b. retrieve a single post, HTTP GET/posts/{id}
	c. save a post, HTTP POSTS/posts/{id}
	d. update a post, HTTP PUT/posts/{id}
REST is an architectural style of organizing our code so that requests act upon resources in a standardized way.
Resources are any information that can be named such as a document or image, a temporal service,
a collection of other resources, a non-virtual object (e.g., a person), and so on.
5. Define hoisting and closures in JS.
Hositing is when each time a script enters a new execution context, variables, functions, arguments are created
Closures is how for each execution context, the scope is the current execution context's variables object, 
plus the variables object for each parent execution context.

